  A modifed version of the Portable Host Development Kit EXAMPLE PROGRAM #5

   I've made very few changes, it does not generate the "xyz has been
 teleported" messages, has some getch()s in case of problems and displays
 a bit of what is going on to the screen.

	 9-Jan-97 Andy Dukes - eMail ADukes@CityScape.Co.UK

 This program is meant to demonstrate what an AUXHOST add-in program
 might look like. It is really no different from an external program
 except that it calls WriteAUXHOSTMessage() instead of WriteMessageToRST()
 or WriteExternalMessage() to write player messages.

 This example program implements rudimentary transporter technology
 for starbases. Starbases may send one type of mineral (or colonists,
 supplies, and money) to another starbase on each turn. The amount of
 that substance or item to transport is fixed at 20% of the current
 stock but this can be made configurable or intelligent by some enterprising
 young programmer.

 The planetary friendly code is used to effect transfer. If a planet's
 friendly code is 'TX_' (where _ is N, T, D, M, C, S, or $) then the
 starbase in orbit of that planet is a transmitter. The special transmit
 friendly codes, then, are:

          TXN     -- Transmit Neutronium
          TXT     -- Transmit Tritanium
          TXD     -- Transmit Duranium
          TXM     -- Transmit Molybdenum
          TXC     -- Transmit Colonists
          TXS     -- Transmit Supplies
          TX$     -- Transmit Megacredits

 The starbase will transmit 20% of the current stock of the item to
 the receiver starbase. The receiver starbase must have its friendly
 code set to 'RX_' where '_' is once again the letter code for the item
 to receive (as above). Multiple transports may be occuring at once on
 the same turn but they are all done in order of base ID numbers. That
 is, the lowest numbered base with a transmit friendly code is found, and
 then the lowest numbered base with a matching receive code is used as
 the receiver. The next-lowest numbered base is found with a transmit
 code, etc.

 This utility is meant to be run in the AUXHOST1 phase. For example,
 in a PHOST batch file, you would type:

              PHOST -1 gamedir
              TELEPORT gamedir
              PHOST -2 gamedir
              PHOST -3 gamedir

 Using HOST 3.2, the AUXHOST1.BAT file should contain:
              TELEPORT gamedir

 and the AUXHOST2.BAT file may be left blank.

 This file is copyrighted by the PDK authors Andrew Sterian, Thomas Voigt
 and Steffen Pietsch in 1995. You may copy and distribute this file
 freely as long as you retain this notice and explicitly document any
 changes you make to this file (along with your name and date) before
 distributing modified versions.

 This is an example program for instructional purposes only. It is not
 guaranteed to work correctly, or even to necessarily compile on all
 systems. You use this program at your own risk.
