Version: 1.20 (10/05/01)

		 _     _   _         _   _______   _    _
		( )   ( ) ( (   /|  (_) (_______) ( \  / )
		| |   | | |  \ ( |  | |	   | |     \ \/ /
		| |   | | | (\\ \|  | |    | |      \  /
		| (___) | | ) \\||  | |    | |       | |
		(_______) |/   )_)  (_)    |_|       (_)



Contents:
I.    Introduction
II.   Installation
III.  Unity functions
IV.   Quick reference chart
V.    Unity Ooo
VI.   Alt Tech
VII.  Notes



I. Introduction


			Welcome to Unity !


 This is the addon "Unity", which was written for the strategic
 pbem game "VGA Planets". With Unity every player get큦 several
 options to backstab his enemy or support his economy, like amor-
 phous support, remote minefield laying or free torpedo building,
 just to give three examples. It is fully configurable, has balanced
 advantages and in case of problems it is supported by the author (me).
	 -> THIS IS A FREEWARE PROGRAM, BUT READ VII. ! <-


II. Installation

 1.) Copy Unitya.exe, Unityb.exe and Uconfig.exe in your Vga-Planets host
     directory.
 2.) Ensure that the following two files are in your gamedir:
     planet.nm and race.nm.
 3.) Run Uconfig.exe and enter your desired configurations, the 
     defaults or current values are shown in brackets[].
 4.) Copy vpaux202.bmp in your winplan\bmp directory.
 NOTE: There큦 a quick setup if you press 'S' on startscreen, assuming
 you want to install all settings with default. All Unity needs is the
 path to the game you want to host with Unity.

 You require 91 KB of free host _shell_ memory for Unity. Examine
 host.log in any game directory and look for the line "XXX KB memory
 free". If it is less than 91 KB, Unity will not work. This is very
 unlikely, but if you encounter this problem please contact me.
 
 Unity.exe will create a Unity.log file, Uconfig.exe a Unity.dat and a
 Unity.cfg file. Unity.cfg is the actual configuration.
 Unity.dat stores all external informations, while Unity.log is only
 a log file for debugging purposes. If all messes up, deleting 
 Unity.dat and starting setup will allow continue playing with Unity
 but all data will have been erased. Unity.log contains no valuable
 data, but for debugging purposes it can be helpful to send me the
 Unity.log file.
 IMPORTANT: Unity needs the following files in your vga-p hosting 
 subdirectory: planet.nm and race.nm. If these files are missing, renaming
 planets and racenames in remote control will _not_ work.


III. Unitys new functions

 (i)

 Setting one or more planets to the friendly code "con" and no planet to
 "noc" will Unity send you it큦 configuration.

 (ii)

 You can now change your racename in remote control! Just send a "message
 to the host" in winplan, with the following message body :
 CRL to change your long race name, CRS to change your short race name
 and CRN to change your personal race name. after the CRx type the new
 race name; 30 characters for CRL, 20 characters for CRS and 12 characters
 for CRN. Since you have an option in winplan which always overwrites race
 names with data from host, this will have an immediate effect (It is a phost
 feature I liked, so I included it). For each renaming you need a seperate
 message (unlike Phost). The "sendmess" button in winplan will not light
 up BUT your message to the host will be delivered!

 (iii)

 You can also change the name of any planet you own in remote control.
 Just send a "message to the host" in winplan, with the following 
 message body: 
 CPN xxx New_Name , where New_Name is the new name of the planet with
 the #ID xxx. For example, to rename planet #1 to 'Freedom planet'
 send a message with the body CPN 001 Freedom planet. Each planet has
 a maximum of 20 characters. Use a different message for each renaming.

 NOTE: Both features above are disabled for dos users and both features
 can be turned off by the host. Both features only work if host has local
 race.nm & planet.nm in the coressponding gamedir ! To see the effect of
 the later, rename planet, host needs to send planet.nm every turn and
 you must place this in your vgap-subdirectory. Read your winplan manual
 to see how you can use changed race.nm without putting new race.nm
 in subdir (hint: /options/overwrite race.nm with data from host).


 (a) Common new operations

 MERLIN FUNCTIONS: Three new friendly codes have been introduced to make
 the merlin more comfortable. ABD transfers supplies to tritanium and 
 molybdenum, ABM transfers them to tritanium and duranium and ABT finally
 makes duranium and molybdenum. All transfers are made to the usual rules
 (for example, 2700 supplies with ABD make 450 tri and 450 mol).
 NOTE: Many people asked what ABD, ABM and ABT means. 
 ABM means "All But Molybdenum", ABT & ABD likewise.

 MONEY TRANSFER: Beside the well known ship code 'bdm', to beam down all
 the money of a ship to a (mostly) unowned planet, there is now another
 alternative: bdh. This makes you beam down half of your current money.
 Even more customized: the bdx serie, where x ranges from 1...9 .
 bd3 for example makes your ship beam down 300 mc.

 NEUTRALS: Neutral planets now have the rights to control their planetary
 matters themselves. This means, the natives will get their happiness set
 back to at least "0", and their tax to "0". The same applies to new
 colonists which will settle down later on the planet. 
 
 NATIVES: Natives now grant their tech level advantage even if you
 find out later in the game that they were hiding somewhere else on
 the planet. Also, if a starbase is damaged the natives help to build
 up their unique tech level (e.g. humanoids build hull tech level)
 again to maximum, at the rate of '1' per turn. For the borg, the 
 rate is '2' per turn.

 NATIVE GIFTS: Natives remember who treats them badly and who regards
 them as full size citizens. If you overtax a planet, the news will be
 sent via wide broadcast to all planets with natives within the echo
 cluster. The rules are simple:  
 i)	overtaxing species A will lower the happiness of all your
	species type A.
 ii)	taxing several species A with 0% will raise all of your
	species A happiness. Taxing a participatory with 0% will
	be more regarded than taxing anarchy with 0%.
 iii)	natives dislike being taxed higher than your people, this 
	will make them unhappy.
 iv)	if you keep your natives happy over several turns, they will
	grant you "native gifts".

	List of native gifts at starbases:
				- ship engines
				- ship beams
				- ship launcher
				- ship torps
				- fighters
				- repairing starbase
				- starbase defense
				- random tech levels

	List of native gifts at planets:
				- money
				- supplies
				- increasing government
				- increasing mineral density
				- big growth rate increase
				- even more happiness 

  v )	the cyborg natives are totally unaffected by this.
 NOTE: The "happiness" referred to in this NATIVE GIFT chapter is
 _not_ the happiness you can see in your rst file. It큦 an seperate
 happiness and it can be much different from your actual happiness.
 Your normal native happiness will not be affected by the NATIVE
 GIFT rules! Formulas: One planet will yield 1+(Government_type);
 if the colonists are taxed higher than the natives add 2 points;
 if there are avians add 10 points. 300 total points will yield one
 up to three native gifts, and the points will be reset to 0.

 AMORPHOUS: During the last years, the species largely known as
 amorphous worms where studied and scientists found out that they
 are more useful than the first settlers thought. If they are 
 treated well (supplied with 'food', means colonists), they will
 care for their prey in different ways. First, they will build up
 [10] defense outposts every turn even above the planetary limit,
 up to 200. If a starbase is present, they will repair all damage
 on it (if any) and build additional [10] starbase defense up to the
 200 limit! If their planet is abandoned the defense posts will be
 removed to 'invite' colonists from another race to settle down.
 The Feds, Rebels and Colonies of man do not profit from these 
 rules; their government forbids dealing with amorphous because
 of the principles of human rights and democracy, which the amorphous
 do not like.

 ADVANCED HYPERJUMP: The races 6,8 and A have tweaked the engines from
 their hyperjump ships, and a hyperjump of 700 ly is possible. The 
 hyperjump is exact if a waypoint between 690 and 710 ly is set. To 
 execute this advanced hyp, set the friendly code to AHP, warp factor > 0
 and the distance >= 21 ly. After the jump of 700 ly the warp factor will
 be set to 0. Different from the normal HYP, this burns 60 neutronium.
 NOTE: Only hyperjumpships from 6,8 and A can use this new hyperjump.


 (b) Specific new operations

 FED: The Federation has found a way to change the planetary axis and 
 thus scrambling the planetary contents. This means some minerals can be
 mined better after the scramble than before, and you will see the effects
 in new random density settings for all minerals. To start dislocating the
 planetary axis change the planets friendly code to RND;
 the friendly code is change to DNR after the shake is complete to prevent
 bad things from happen if you miss the turn afterwards. It costs [200]kt
 of supplies to start this process.
 NOTE: Every new density is rolled twice, the better outcome will be used
 so there is a higher chance for the density to rise.

 Science ships from the federation (bohemian/eros) with hightech engines[9]
 have now an improved terraforming; they will heat/cool 1 additional degree
 each turn. This only works under federation control.

 LIZARD: Lizard war scientists were always fond of the reptile class destroyer
 ship and have now equipped all these ships [with a drive 7+] with a fuel
 scooping device, which is the same as the known scooping device from the
 cobol class cruiser. For every ly travelled, 2kt of neutronium are produced.
 The reptile may not be towed, but can tow other ships and still use this feature.
 This fuel scoop is calculated prior to movement[unlike cobol scoop in vgap].

 The saurian class cruiser has the possibility to lay minefields far away 
 from his current position, up to 150 ly away. Have a warp factor of 
 0, and your waypoint to the new minefield center pointed. In addition 
 you need the friendly code "RML". As with all  missions, you need fuel 
 to do this special mission. Within  50 ly, 100% of the minefield units 
 successfully reach the target point and unfold there. Between 50-100 ly
 75% reach their destination, and between 100-150 ly 50 % of the mines 
 will be armed. 
 NOTE: You can be on any mission while remote laying a minefield.
 
 BIRDMAN: The valiant wind class carrier has been improved a lot by including
 a raw cloaking device. If the friendly code of a valiant wind class carrier
 is  "X??",  where ?? can be anything, and 11 units of neutronium is on bord
 the valiant wind class carrier enters cloak. Beware, the loki anticloak will
 still affect him as will the d19B and saber class frigate. Raw cloaking 
 costs 10 units of neutronium, but allows to set *any* mission.

 The best saboteurs from the birdmen are on board of the white falcon class
 cruisers, and they have trained hard to play the following mission on their
 enemies: a white falcon fully crewed over an enemy planet can beam down 50
 crew members using the friendly code TRP, they will sneak in the command
 center from the enemy planet, manipulating the computers from the defense
 posts which will start shooting at the planetary structures! The more defense
 posts on the planet the more damage will be inflicted. Mines destroyed are
 DEF_POSTS; factories destroyed are DEF_POSTS/2; after this the romulans sabotage
 the defense posts which destroys 20% of them.
 NOTE: Since you are loosing crew after this mission, you must return to a base
 before you can use it again.

 FASCIST: The Fascists were always driven by wild agressive instincts, and
 now they have an option to "plunder" a planet in all aspects. First, they
 have to have more than 100 clans on the planet to start the plunder. Second,
 the colonists happiness must be 100. With at least 100 mines on the planet,
 the fasists can do the following : half of the minerals in ground will
 be mined at once. The mines will be destroyed, as will nearly all of the
 colonists and their happiness. The planet temperature will go to a bad
 climate (random: 0-6,94-100), but the Fascists got their goal, they "exhausted"
 the planet and can use the minerals. NOTE: to prevent accidently plundering
 (birdmen just love this joke, do they?) the planet must order exhaution
 with the friendly code XXP. Natives watching the plunder will loose 50 
 points of happiness.
 
 The valiant wind class carrier can build fighters from the minerals in
 cargoroom, if you have the sufficent minerals (3 tritanium, 2 molybdenum
 and 5 supplies). You can build up to (cargoroom/10) fighters a turn. 
 You need 1kt of fuel to do this mission. If you are over your own planet,
 you can also use the 'lfm' friendly code
 NOTE: This works only for a valiant in fascist control.

 PRIVATEER: The Privateers have grown mad in the last years, as they saw 
 their chances vanish into nothingness with the D19B and sabers pop ships
 and not to forget the loki. So they put all effort to counter the "pop"
 threat, and have found out that a D19B emmits special tachyon signatures,
 which can be picked up if you have the right scanners on board. The first 
 ship which has the scanners in serie is the Br5 class torpedo boat. They
 detect D19B큦 when 20 ly away from them, and they are informed where
 they are exactly located. Since the loki has a very likewise tachyon 
 signature, the privateers can also detect his signature, but there is a
 small chance for failure[5%]; but in case of a loki the br5 is also capable
 of scanning whether his tachyon device is working or not, there are only
 two cases where a tachyon device refuses to work: the loki has more than 
 20% damage or is out of fuel.

 The Br5 now has the possibility to "disarm" a D19b nefarious class destroyer
 by simply using his #id as a friendly code, and beeing within [20] ly.
 The friendly code of the d19b will be randomized, thus disabling pop/trg
 as a friendly code.

 CYBORG: Somehow the collective mind noticed it is not very efficient to 
 assimilate natives on arctic and desert planets, but once the drones were 
 ordered to start assimilating they did not stop before the last natives had
 joined the cyborgs. So now it is possible to have some of the drones to 
 disassemble others, to slow down assimilating or simply re-use drone equipment
 (read: supplies) from drones which would otherwise die because of the climate
 next turn.  Turn your planet friendly code to DAX, where X is a number
 between 0-9. X*100 (colonist) clans are disassembled against X*50 in supplies
 (because a cyborg is half man, half machine).

 The cyborg can use the advanced hyperjump with any hyperjump ship.

 CRYSTAL: All crystal engineers put a lot of work in a prototype for scooping 
 debries from space and converting it into torpedos. This prototype was installed
 in the sky garnet class cruiser, and the effort is proportional to the distance
 covered. It is recommended to have high torpedo tech level installed.
 You can expect to scoop SQR(DISTANCE_ACTUALLY_MOVED_IN_LY) torpedos;
 SQR means square-root.
 The scoop will be calculted prior to movement.

 The climate of a planet effects the happiness of crystalline settlers.
 As a rule of thumb, the hotter the climate the more happiness points
 will be recovered. Happiness will go up by 1-10 points, regarding
 to the temperature: +1 at 90 degree up to +10 at 100 degree.

 EMPIRE: The supreme gorbie class carrier is an impressive battleship, so most
 planets simply surrender when they see him in their orbit. The gorbie has to
 arrive at own power at warp 9 (and of course with fuel) on the planet,
 and have a friendly code of TP?, where "?" can be anything from (a-Z,0-9). A
 towed gorbie is no impressive sight, because the planetary commanders assume
 the gorbie to be unfinished and so they do not surrender. Starbases always
 prefer to fight than to surrender.
 NOTE: Cyborg planets do not surrender, either.

 The empire can use the advanced hyperjump with any hyperjump ship.
		
 ROBOTS: The robots have found a clue how to make their minefields even more
 dangerous. The robots can make their minefields explode - damaging all ships
 inside, even cloaked ones! Just to give you an idea, a small deep space inside
 an exploding minefield is doomed, a gorbie will get between 0%-50% damage. This
 also depends on the number of minefield units which explode, and the ships mass
 and its proximity to the center. To make a minefield explode, have fuel, warp 0 
 and the ship name must begin with "EXMIN" (case sensitive). Put the ship큦 friendly
 code to the minefield #id. The friendly code will then be randomized with a non-digit
 number to prevent accidently more explosions if you miss a turn afterwards.
 Enemy ships that are in orbit of a planet are save from the explosion.
 Damage is: (400*MINEFIELD_RADIUS/HULL_MASS)-(DIST_TO_CENTER/5)-RANDOM(HULL_MASS/20)%;
 cloaked ships recieve additional 15% less damage.

 To speed up war deployment, all q-tanker have sensor beacons which allow fighters
 to find during one turn from one q-tanker to another within [250] lightyears.
 The friendly code from the sending q-tanker must be the #id from the recieving,
 and the recieving q-tanker must have the friendly code REC. The sending q-tanker
 also needs 1kt of fuel for each fighter send. Make sure you have free room on
 the recieving q-tanker or the fighters will perish in space after their flight,
 lacking space to land on.

 REBELS: The rebels now have a *real* growth rate on arctic planets. Since they can
 keep up to 9 million colonists alive, without a growth rate they would never get so
 many colonists. The growth rate is affected by happiness and tax rate, for the
 best effect have tax 0 and happiness 100; this will result in [10%] growth.
 
 You all asked where the armored transport got his name from. Well, it got this name
 from the fact, that there is a lot of highest-tech-alchemy equipment inside! With
 this equipment, supplies can be transferred with a 2:1 ratio to any of the known
 minerals. Have 1 kt of fuel and warp 0; then the following codes apply : S2N transfers 
 2 supplies on board to 1 kt neutronium, S2T(tritanium), S2D(duranium) and S2M (moly).

 The rebels can use the advanced hyperjump with any hyperjump ship.

 COLONIES: It is well known that the lost colonies of man are allied to all humanoid
 natives. And of course the humanoids listen to the colonies, and react very 
 badly if they get broadcasts that the colonies are at war with another
 space-faring race. The colonies can broadcast a message to all humanoid planets
 with an owner from the races 0-9 (0=rebels, 1=feds, ..., 9=robots) throughout 
 the galaxy, which results in the following :
 All humanoid native planets from race x become unhappy(50). They do not produce
 any MC this turn; if a starbase is present, it will cancel it큦 mission (reset
 to none) and cancel ship-building. The colonies need a suitable planet from
 which they can send the broadcast throughout the galaxy, this means:
 a humanoid planet with a friendly code of HRx, where x=0,..,9. Humanoids have
 to have a happiness of 100 and no tax set. The victim will trace the planet from
 which the orginal message came from.  You can only send broadcasts to one race,
 if you have several planets with a different friendly code of HRx, the one with
 the highest #ID is responsible for the broadcast.

 The scorpius class light carrier has been equipped with sensor beacons which
 allow him to send fighters to ships which are far away, up to [320] lightyears
 within one turn. The friendly code from the sending scorpius must be the #id
 from the fighter recieving ship, and the recieving ship must have the friendly
 code REC. The scorpius also needs 1kt of fuel for each fighter send. Make sure
 you have free room on the recieving ship or the fighters will perish in space
 after their flight, lacking space to land on.


IV. Quick Reference Sheet

   Federation:
      Scramble planet, "RND" as planetary FC.  Shifts the planetary axis, 
	results in a new (randomized) mineral density, cost 200 supplies. 
      Deluxe terraforming, science ships with enginetech[9] heat/cool +1 degree.
   Lizards:
     Fuel scooping Reptile, Warpfactor > 0, engine tech 7+ makes reptile 
	scoop 2kt of neutronium/ly.
     Minefields, Warpfactor 0, waypoint set to the center of the minefield, 
	being max. 150LY away. Friendly code RML.
	Unfolds a minefield with the center being the waypoint set. 75% of
	the mine field units reach their destiny if waypoint is > 50LY,
	50 % if the waypoint is > 100LY.
   Birdmen:
     White falcon, FC "TRP", full crew over enemy planet makes defense posts
        attack planetary structures. 50 Crew die during this mission. 
	Mines lost = defense posts, factories lost= defense posts / 2,
	defense lost = 20%.
     Valiant, FC "X??", with ?? being anything. At a cost of 10 kT Neutronium
	per turn, the Valiant is able to cloak.
   Fascists:
     Extended plunder, 100 colonists at happiness 100, 100 mines, FC "XXP". 
	Half of the minerals will be extracted in one turn, nearly all colonists
	will be killed, their HP drops drastically and the planet goes to a bad
	climate.Natives loose 50 happiness points.
     Valiant, able to build fighters in space (3 tri, 2 mol, 5 supps); lfm code
	allowed.
   Privateers:
     Br5, able to detect D19b & loki within 20LY; evaluates loki status, too.
          Carefully check your messages!
     Br5, friendly code set to the #ID of a D19B within 20 ly 'disables' this
	D19b by resetting this ship friendly code.
   Borg:
     Cyborg disassemble, planetary FC "DAX", with X being a number from
	1..10- X*100 clans will be sold to X*50 supplies. 
     Advanced hyperjump, 60 fuel, warp > 0, waypoint >=21 ly, FC "AHP", 700 ly hyp.
   Crystals:
     Scoop torpedoes, the Sky Garnet scoops torpedoes just by flying. 
     	Scoop rate depends on waypoint setting and engine tech.
     Temperature benefit: crystal colonists and 90+ degree worlds recieve
	1-10 happiness points.
   Empire:
     Gorbie planet takeover, FC "TP?", with ? being anything (a-z, 0-9),
	not being towed, fuel left, Warp factor set, in orbit of a planet. 
	Results in a surrending planet. Not if starbase in orbit nor on
	cyborg planets.
     Advanced hyperjump, 60 fuel, warp > 0, waypoint >=21 ly, FC "AHP", 700 ly hyp.
   Robots:
     Explode minefields, Warp 0, shipname beginning with: "EXMIN", FC set 
	to minefield ID. The minefield explodes, giving damage to every ship
	in the field, regarding their position and hullmass; ships over planets
	are save and cloakers revice less damage.
     Fighter transfer, Q-tanker can send fighters to a second Q-tanker within
	[250] ly; friendly code id of the recieving q, recieving q must have
	friendly code "REC". Each fighter costs 1kt of neutronium to transfer.
   Rebels:
     Growth, real growth on arctic planets, depending on HP and taxlevel.
     High tech alchemy, 1kT fuel, warp 0. Armored transport converts 2 supplies
	to 1 kt of choosen mineral. FC's: "S2N", "S2T", "S2D", "S2M". 
     Advanced hyperjump, 60 fuel, warp > 0, waypoint >=21 ly, FC "AHP", 700 ly hyp.
   Colonies:
     Colonies Human revolt, 100 HP of Humanoids, 0% Tax, planetary FC "HR?", 
	with ? being 0...9. No taxes collected on enemy planets with
	humanoids, humanoids get unhappy, if a starbase is present, it will 
	cancel it's mission (set to none) and cancel ship building.
     Fighter transfer, colonial Scorpius can send fighters to any colony ship within
	[320] ly; friendly code id of the recieving ship, recieving ship must 
	have friendly code "REC". Each fighter costs 1kt of neutronium to transfer.

   Universal:
     Unity config: con as a planet friendly code.
     New merlin friendly codes: ABT,ABD,ABM.
     Beam down friendly codes: bdx (x=1,2,...9) and bdh.
     Native starbase caretaking.
     Renaming:  CRS new_short_name
		CRL new_long_name
		CRN new_personal_name 
		CPN #ID new_planet_name as a message to the host.


V. Ooo (Order of operation)
 
 Unity accesses all it큦 commandos in a special order, and as a 
 default after all other addons have been executed. As always, the
 details are up to the host.

 Unity Ooo: 
 ** Auxhost1.ini
 - send config
 - change names in remote mode
 - merlin advanced alchemy
 - advanced hyperjump (6,8,A)
 - bdX codes
 - neutral planet safe taxation
 - scramble planet (1)
 - lay minefield (2) 
 - scoop fuel (2)
 - white falcon sabotage (3)
 - build fighters (4)
 - exhaust planet (4)
 - scan lokis and D19b (5)
 - disable D19b (5)
 - scoop torpedos (7)
 - colonies humanoid revolt broadcast (B)
 - native happiness / gifts
 ** Auxbc.ini 
 - amorphous caretaking
 - native race basetech advantage
 - deluxe terraform (1)
 - hapiness gain at 90+ degree (7)
 - fighter transfer (B)
 - growth rate (A)
 - gorbie planet takeover (8)
 - cloak valiant (3)
 - cyborg disassemble (6)
 - explode minefield (9)
 - fighter transfer (9)
 - armored transport (A)

VI. Alt Tech

 Unity will work with alt tech, provided that
- there are 500 planets in game
- the X/Y data are between 0000/0000 and 4000/4000
- all data file (*.spec) are within valid parameters
- Host322.08 or newer is used (NO compatibility to Host999!).

 Unity has several operations which appeal to a special hull type
 only. For example, the crystalline free torpedo construction works
 with the sky garnet as default hullspec.dat, hull #62, if you
 change the list and make hull #62 to nova class dreadnought, the
 nova will make free torpedos instead of the sky garnet. With this
 in mind feel free to use any alt tech which suits your requirements.

VII. Notes

 You may NOT
     - earn money by selling this program without my written permission,
       for example by putting it on a compilation cd-rom
    -> according to german law the above would be a violation of
       copyright terms - you have been warned !
     - decompile, disassemble or change the program code
 

 If you find a bug in this version, send an email to Unity_addon@gmx.net .
 I will send you an update as soon as possible. If you have any questions
 regarding Unity, registry informations or comments, ask me, too - I will
 try to help you out.


 Thanks to :
- Tim Wisseman for Vga-Planets and advice
- Martin, Andy, Clemens, Ingo, Sven & Karsten for
  discussing UNITY advantages
- Armin Trott for hosting games at www.nikita.org,
  setting up beta games and for UNITY discussion 
- Ricki for support (games at www.rcworld.de)
- Simon Jenkis for being a reliable bughunter
- Star Destroyer (Juppiter addon) for advices ;-)
- the beta test team for nearly unlimited support
  and their patience
- all other people which helped to optimize UNITY



 "Unity" is Copyright 1999-2001 by Wolfgang Merkel 
 All Rights Reserved
 http://www.geocities.com/TimesSquare/Arena/7676
 or
 http://switch.to/Unity


        ----------> NO WARRANTY <----------

BECAUSE THE PROGRAM IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO WARRANTY
FOR THE PROGRAM, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. EXCEPT
WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER
PARTIES PROVIDE THE PROGRAM "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE
PROGRAM IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE PROGRAM PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME
THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR CORRECTION. 

IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN WRITING
WILL ANY COPYRIGHT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY AND/OR
REDISTRIBUTE THE PROGRAM AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR 
DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM
(INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED
INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE
OF THE PROGRAM TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH
HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 