                        Extended Features for VPA
                        =========================
                          Feature Descriptions
                            2004 by C.Graefe


The features documented here originate from an extension to VPA formerly known
to only a few people as 'CGExt'. They have been merged with the main source
tree under the term 'Extended Features' and will no longer be maintained
separately.


==============
Major Features
==============

Quality Assurance
-----------------
The idea behind the QA-Feature is basically the as the 'actual list' implemented
by Andrew Andrienko -- only he was quicker to integrate his version into the
main VPA code. Still, there are a few aspects to the QA that the actual list is
missing, so I made it into an additional front-end to the actual list.

The QA-Feature was designed to help you organize your work when playing your
turn and to prevent you from overlooking any of your units in the process.
Basically, all of your ships, planets, and starbases have been extended with a
new approval flag which indicates whether you have already given them the
commands you want them to perform, i.e. if you approve its current status.
When you have entered your commands on an object, just press ctrl-a to approve
its status. Approved objects will display a small yellow check mark close to
their name when they are selected and also left to their name in the object
list. Press ctrl-d to disapprove the selected object again. Objects will be
disapproved automatically if they are changed in any way.
(NEW: Auto-disapproving will only occur if the parameter AutoDisapprove is set
to Yes in the [Interface] section of your VPA.INI config file. Furthermore,
the parameter ShowCheckMark may be used to disable the display of the check
marks.)

To help you find the units you haven't handled yet an overview list is provided.
Press '#' (hash) to open it on the right hand side. First, all your planets and
their starbases (if they've got one) will be displayed, followed by you ships.
In addition to it's type, id, and name some auxiliary information on each object
will be displayed. Planets are displayed in green, starbases in blue, and ships
in turquoise. But any object you have already approved will be displayed in dark
gray which makes it easy to find those you still need to have a look at. While
you navigate through the list the object currently selected will be centered on
the map. Use the following keys to work on the QA-list:

up/down         Move the list cursor up or down one object.
page up/down    Move the list cursor up or down 14 objects.
home/end        Move the list cursor to the beginning or the end of the list.
ctrl-a          Approve the item currently selected.
ctrl-d          Disapprove the item currently selected.
'/'             Toggle the status of the item currently selected.
Esc             Close the QA-list.
Enter           Close the QA-list and jump to the item currently selected.


The Borgculator
---------------
This is a feature I implemented when I was playing the Borg and was continuously
forced to decide how to get the max out of my natives before they were all gone.
The Borgculator is a prediction and planning tool for planets that has already
proven useful to all other races, too.

Select a planet on the map and press ctrl-b to activate the Borgculator screen.
At the top of the screen name, id and owner of the planet are displayed. If
the planet is unowned set the owning race by pressing 'o' before you continue or
the predictions might not be accurate. If you have openend the Borgculator
before, the last planet you selected will still be displayed. Press space to
import the data from a newly selected planet.

The easiest way to use the Borgculator is to select one of the predefined
strategies by pressing 'g'. Currently, there are four such strategies:

* Growth Optimized - This will tax your colonists and natives in intervalls to
  maximize both income and population growth.
* Constant Tax     - This will tax your colonists and natives down to a
  happiness of 70% and keep it there by imposing a constant tax rate.
* Borg Growth Optimized & Borg Constant Tax - Same as above for your colonists
  but your natives will be taxed to maximize your income before they are
  assimilated.

Alternatively, you can develop your own strategy for your planet. Use the
following keys to operate on the prediction table.

up              Move back one turn.
down            Move forward one turn and add data row if necessary.
del             Remove last data row.
enhtumadscpx    Press one of these keys (You'll find them highlighted in the
                table header.) to alter one of the values of the data row
                currently selected.

In addition, you may press alt-c to reset the Borgculator, 'r' to write the
current data to a text file, and 'Esc' to exit the Borgculator screen.


Object Notes
------------
Little notes to assist your memory may be associated with ships, planets, and
starbases. When you have selected one of these objects, press ctrl-n to display
the note on the right hand side. You may use '-' and '+' to switch turns and view
older versions of the note if you have changed it at some point. Now press 'e'
to edit the note and press 'Esc' when you are done editing. Press 'Esc' again
to exit the note-mode or press 'c' to clear the note.


Resource Statistics
-------------------
This feature was designed to provide an overview of your resources. Press
ctrl-F10 on the main screen to enter the resource stats screen. (Please be
patient: the statistics are calculated at this point so this might take a
while on slower machines.) At the top of the screen a table is displayed
showing the total amount of resources you have at your command. The first
column shows the amount of each resource that are currently ready, e.g. ships
and planets you own and minerals on the surface of your planets or on board of
your ships. The second column indicates by how much the resource will increase
next turn if this can be determined. The third column shows how many minerals
are still under the surface of your planets.

Press the letters highlighted in the table to add the resource to the graph
at the bottom of the screen and press it again to remove the resource. Hold down
shift or ctrl when pressing the key to add the second or third column of that
resource, respectively. Note: You must have data for at least two turns in your
VPA database to display the graph.

Press ctrl-F3 to send your stats of the turn currently selected to an ally by
planets mail. Press +/- to switch between turns or press cursor left/right to
switch between races if you have received data from an ally.

Press Esc to exit the stats screen.


Fleet Report
------------
Press ctrl-F11 on the main screen to enter the fleet report screen. This screen
will give you an overview of the number and types of ships you own. In addition
to information on engines, beams, and launchers it will also display the amount
of AutoScore points a ship or class of ships earns you. Use cursor up/down, page
up/down, home, and end to navigate the ship list.


==============
Minor Features
==============

Inter-Planetary Connections
---------------------------
Press shift-l when you are on the main screen to toggle the display of inter-
planetary connections. When switched on, all planets that can be reached in one
turn using transwarp engines will be connected with slim gray lines. Planetary
warp wells are taken into account automatically. While this might look confusing
at first to those already accustomed to VPA, give it a chance -- I'm sure you
won't want to miss it once you have gotten used to it. Some of the advantages:

- At one short glance you can see which routes you may travel without beeing
  seen.
- Get an overview of the "natural borders" of your territory. This will help you
  to predict the direction of potential attacks and to protect your borders.
- The connections make it easier to orientate yourself in the Echocluster, esp.
  if you're new to VGAP.
- Communication about areas of the Echocluster will also be easier -- at least
  to my experience. My ally and I have invented names for all those
  constellations that appear when this feature is turned on. Our discussions
  on strategies now involve sentences like "By turn 40 we should have conquered
  most of the Stag so that we can move on to attack the Hummingbird from the
  east." (If you like, try to find these constellations on the standard
  Echocluster map: The Stag, The Hummingbird, The Diver, The Caterpillar,
  Jumping Jack, The Peacock :-)

The distance of 81ly mentioned above is the default value. It may be changed in
VPA.INI using the ConnectionDist parameter in the [Interface] section if you
need that (maybe for a shareware game?). Values smaller than 10 will be
interpreted as warp speeds while those of 10 or greater are taken as lightyears.
In addition, you can draw temporary connections by pressing ctrl-l on the main
screen.


Ion Storm Waypoint Prediction
-----------------------------
This feature will help you to navigate your ships through class 4 and 5 ion
storms that will drag your ships along. Note: Movement of ion storms is not
entirely predictable. So I should say this feature merely helps you to guess
where to move your ships.
If one of your ships is under the influence of a dragging ion storm, press space
and move the cursor to the location you want to go (or where you want to stay).
Now press alt-i: The cursor will be moved to the location you should send your
ship to so that you'll have a chance to end up where you wanted to go in the
first place. However, as stated above this is not guaranteed. An arc of dots on
the map indicates all the coordinates that your ship might be dragged to.


Population Growth Prediction
----------------------------
When you have selected one of your planets, the predicted colonist population
for the next turn is displayed below the current one. The same would be
possible for native clans of course, but unfortunately there was no more room
for that number.
Even worse, the place for this useful figure was taken by some other data
before I could merge my changes with the main VPA code. So, you will have to
set the parameter ShowColonistPrediction in the [Interface] section of your
VPA.INI to Yes if you prefer to see the popuplation prediction. Or you may
press shift-j to toggle the display for the current session.


Disable Map Border
------------------
You can now disable the dashed edge markings VPA displays in games with a
map that wraps-around. Add the following parameter to the [Interface] section
of your VPA.INI if you are irritated by those lines:
ShowMapBorder = Off


Data Exchange Subscription
--------------------------
This feature allows you to regularly send the data of certain planets to your
allies automatically.
Create a file names VPADXCxy.INI in your game directory where x is the id of
your own race (1..B) and y the id of the receiving race (e.g. VPADXC9A.INI if
you are the Robot and want data to be sent to the Rebel). Create a section
within the file and add object ids to subscribe to:

[planets]
237
483
102

This will create messages to the receiver (y, see above) containing the data
for planets 237, 483, and 102 every time you unpack your new RST file.


Score Prediction
--------------------
When you are on the build screen of one of your starbases, the potential
score value of the ship you are about to build is displayed at the bottom
of the hull list. For torpedo ships and fighter carriers the maximum value is
displayed in parentheses. The scoring system you would like to use may be
configured in the [Interface] section of your VPA.INI by the ScoringMethod
parameter. Supported values are currently: AutoScore, PTScore, and None.
AutoScore is the default value.


Territory Overview (experimental!)
------------------
Press ctrl-e on the main screen to temporarily draw areas of influence on the
map.


